### Background
This is the draft healthAlliance Implementation Guide.

Currently it covers all the FHIR design work being done at healthAlliance - in effect it describes the capabilities of the API's being developed to expose data across healthAlliance. Currently, these are read-only.

In the future, it is possible that further guides will be developed to cover specific sets of use cases with specific requirements particularly where update via API is supported.

Where there is overlap with the [NHI IG](http://igs.clinfhir.com/nhi/index.html), the 2 guides should be compatible if at all possible. For example the use of common extensions and identifier systems.

### Guide for use

The [Table of contents](toc.html) lists all tabs and page headings. It is automatically generated by the tooling

The [Use Cases](usecases.html) form the 'technical' requirements of the API from a business perspective. They are derived from more detailed Use cases and

[Design Notes](design.html) are notes to implementers about how to implement the guide. In particular it has disgrams that show how the resources connect with each other in graphs to represent specific Use Cases 

The [Artifact Index](artifacts.html) is also generated by the tooling and lists all the FHIR profiles, extensions and termibology defined by the guide. It also has the Logical Models which represent the information being expressed by the profiles in a more easy to understand manner.

The [API](API.html) tab describes the different API's exposed by the solution. These are the actual RESTful queries that a client can make.

The Support dropdown has a number of links - specifically a link to the FHIR specification (release 4) and a download of all the FHIR artifacts

[Development](development.html) contains links and documentaton used in the development of the guide. Once complete, these will be removed.


### Security
This is to be added.